Add Content for Substrate Files (#3222)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/build/build-storage.md

The PolkadotJS API offers storage methods that are part of the default Substrate runtime.
They are exposed via `api.query.<module>.<method>`.
See the [official docs](https://polkadot.js.org/docs/substrate/storage/) for more details.

### Substrate Files

PolkadotJS Apps includes a decentralized storage module that allows Substrate-based chain
users to upload their files to [IPFS W3Auth Gateway](https://wiki.crust.network/docs/en/buildIPFSWeb3AuthGW) and use the [IPFS W3Auth Pinning Service](https://wiki.crust.network/docs/en/buildIPFSW3AuthPin) to pin their files on Crust Network. 

Start by uploading a single file or folder:

![upload](../assets/files/substrate-files-1.png)

Choose a Gateway:

![gateway](../assets/files/substrate-files-2.png)

Sign the message:

![sign](../assets/files/substrate-files-3.png)

You should be able to view the file info, as follows:

![file info](../assets/files/substrate-files-4.png)

As well as the file status:

![file statue](../assets/files/substrate-files-5.png)

> The whole files module is decentralized, so your file directory is cached in browser. 
> You can also export and import your file directory info.

Reviewer: The reason why export/import needs to be done should be highlighted to the user

```suggestion
:::note

The whole files module is decentralized, so your file directory is only cached in browser. 
The file directory info will not be visible if you switch to a new browser or clear the browser cache. 
The storage module allows you to export file directory info from the current browser and import it to the new browser.

:::
```

> ![manage file dir](../assets/files/substrate-files-5.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![manage file dir](../assets/files/substrate-files-6.png)
```
